<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="date" content="2013-11-19T14:47:31Z"/>
<meta name="pdf:PDFVersion" content="1.5"/>
<meta name="pdf:docinfo:title" content="Town of Hinesburg"/>
<meta name="xmp:CreatorTool" content="Acrobat PDFMaker 10.1 for Word"/>
<meta name="Company" content="Microsoft"/>
<meta name="access_permission:modify_annotations" content="true"/>
<meta name="access_permission:can_print_degraded" content="true"/>
<meta name="dc:creator" content="Kathleen Swinington Ramsay"/>
<meta name="dcterms:created" content="2013-11-19T14:47:30Z"/>
<meta name="dcterms:modified" content="2013-11-19T14:47:31Z"/>
<meta name="Last-Modified" content="2013-11-19T14:47:31Z"/>
<meta name="dc:format" content="application/pdf; version=1.5"/>
<meta name="xmpMM:DocumentID" content="uuid:43805fbf-402f-4595-b89b-3947246b27db"/>
<meta name="Last-Save-Date" content="2013-11-19T14:47:31Z"/>
<meta name="pdf:docinfo:creator_tool" content="Acrobat PDFMaker 10.1 for Word"/>
<meta name="access_permission:fill_in_form" content="true"/>
<meta name="pdf:docinfo:modified" content="2013-11-19T14:47:31Z"/>
<meta name="meta:save-date" content="2013-11-19T14:47:31Z"/>
<meta name="pdf:encrypted" content="false"/>
<meta name="dc:title" content="Town of Hinesburg"/>
<meta name="modified" content="2013-11-19T14:47:31Z"/>
<meta name="pdf:docinfo:custom:SourceModified" content="D:20131119144724"/>
<meta name="Content-Length" content="33226"/>
<meta name="Content-Type" content="application/pdf"/>
<meta name="pdf:docinfo:creator" content="Kathleen Swinington Ramsay"/>
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="org.apache.tika.parser.CompositeParser"/>
<meta name="X-Parsed-By" content="com.lexpredict.tika.AlterPDFParser"/>
<meta name="creator" content="Kathleen Swinington Ramsay"/>
<meta name="meta:author" content="Kathleen Swinington Ramsay"/>
<meta name="meta:creation-date" content="2013-11-19T14:47:30Z"/>
<meta name="access_permission:extract_for_accessibility" content="true"/>
<meta name="access_permission:assemble_document" content="true"/>
<meta name="xmpTPg:NPages" content="5"/>
<meta name="Creation-Date" content="2013-11-19T14:47:30Z"/>
<meta name="resourceName" content="#10a - piggy back contract_dan baldwin_118_4294.pdf"/>
<meta name="pdf:hasXMP" content="true"/>
<meta name="access_permission:extract_content" content="true"/>
<meta name="pdf:docinfo:custom:Company" content="Microsoft"/>
<meta name="access_permission:can_print" content="true"/>
<meta name="SourceModified" content="D:20131119144724"/>
<meta name="Author" content="Kathleen Swinington Ramsay"/>
<meta name="access_permission:can_modify" content="true"/>
<meta name="pdf:docinfo:producer" content="Adobe PDF Library 10.0"/>
<meta name="pdf:docinfo:created" content="2013-11-19T14:47:30Z"/>
<title>Town of Hinesburg</title>
</head>
<body><div class="page"><p/>
<p> 
 
</p>
<p>Town of Hinesburg 
Tax Stabilization Contract 
</p>
<p> 
This agreement made by and between the Town of Hinesburg, a municipal corporation 
established under the laws of the State of Vermont (hereinafter "Hinesburg"), and Daniel 
P. Baldwin of Hinesburg, Vermont, (hereinafter "Owner"). 
 
</p>
<p>WITNESSETH: 
 
WHEREAS, in 1986 Hinesburg first offered Tax Stabilization “piggy back” contracts to 
farmers as an incentive for signing Land Use Contracts with the State and terminating 
their Hinesburg Town Land Use Contracts; 
 
WHEREAS, this contract is an extension of that original incentive program; 
 
WHEREAS, Hinesburg, by its Selectboard,  was authorized by a majority of registered 
Town residents voting at the Annual Town Meeting Election of March 1, 2010 to extend 
the term of these Farmers’ Tax Stabilization contracts to qualified farmers for a five year 
period to extend from April 1, 2010 to March 31, 2015; 
 
WHEREAS, Hinesburg has the authority to enter into tax stabilization contracts with the 
owners of Agricultural Land pursuant to  24 VSA 2741; and 
 
WHEREAS, Owner holds title to real property in Hinesburg and is desirous of having 
taxes which have been assessed against the property stabilized; 
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein 
contained, it is covenanted and agreed as follows: 
 
1. PROPERTY.  The "agricultural land" of the Owner, as defined in 32 VSA 3752(1) and 
described in Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof, is subject to the provisions 
of this Agreement.  This Agreement does not include any structures located thereon or 
any "Managed Forest Land" as defined in 32 VSA 3752(9). 
 
2. ELIGIBILITY.  Owner covenants and certifies to Hinesburg that the lands described in 
Exhibit A, and the use thereof , qualify for Hinesburg's tax stabilization program under 
the eligibility requirements set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto and made a part hereof. 
 
3. TERM.  This Agreement shall commence on April 1, 2010 and shall terminate on 
March 31, 2015 unless sooner terminated as hereinafter provided. 
 
 </p>
<p/>
</div>
<div class="page"><p/>
<p>Tax Stabilization “Piggy Back” Contract 
Page 2 
</p>
<p> 
4. ADDITIONAL PROPERTY.  In the event that Owner acquires additional agricultural 
lands qualifying for Hinesburg's tax stabilization program under the eligibility 
requirements set forth in Exhibit B, Hinesburg and Owner may enter into an amendment 
to Exhibit A by adding thereto such agricultural lands.  The addition of any agricultural 
lands shall not extend the term of this Agreement as set forth in the preceding paragraph. 
 
5. STABILIZATION.  The assessed value of the agricultural lands subject to this 
Agreement shall be fifty percent (50%) of the State of Vermont Use Value Appraisal as 
defined in 32 VSA 3752(12). 
 
6.  PENALTY AND LIEN:  Each year during the term of this Contract, the difference 
between the taxes due on the lands covered by this Agreement and the taxes that would 
have been owed without this Agreement shall be considered as “deferred” taxes.  In the 
event that this Contract shall become of no further force or effect, as specified below, the 
following penalties shall apply, except as noted in Section 7:[1] the taxes deferred, as 
defined above, shall become due for the year of dissolution of this Contract; plus [2] the 
deferred taxes for the three (3) preceding years under this Agreement; together with [3] a 
penalty of ten percent (10%) of the Fair Market Value of the land, at the time of the 
dissolution of this Contract as specified below.  The Fair Market Value of the land is the 
value set by the Town through its tax assessment process.  This tax and penalty shall be 
paid to the Town within thirty (30) days of dissolution of this Contract, except that in the 
event of sale of the property, the whole amount due to the Town shall be paid before or 
on the date of the transfer of title. 
 
If the penalty and deferred tax are not paid within the specified time, there will be interest 
of one and one-half percent (1.5%) added montly to the amount owed.  This Contract 
shall constitute a lien in favor of the Town against the property subject to this Contract.  
This lien will be referenced in the general index of the Town of Hinesburg and filed in the 
Town Clerk’s Office.  Owner will pay any filing fees. 
 
The penalty and deferred tax shall become due upong the conversion of the agricultural 
lands described in Exhibit A from agricultural use to another use, or the occurrence of any 
other event twhich renders the Owner of the lands ineligible under the requirements as set 
forth in Exhibit B. 
 
The provisions of this Section (Section 6) shall apply only to that portion of Owner’s 
lands which become disqualified from inclusion in this Contract.  The ten percent (1-%) 
penalty and repayment of deferred taxes shall be effective for the year of the event plus 
the three (3) preceding years. 
 
 
 </p>
<p/>
</div>
<div class="page"><p/>
<p>Tax Stabilization “Piggy Back” Contract 
Page 3 
</p>
<p> 
7.  EXCEPTIONS TO THE PENALTY:  This agreement shall terminate but penalties 
and repayment of deferred taxes (as provided for in Section 6) shall be waived under the 
following conditions: 
 
</p>
<p>a. In the case of sale or transfer of deed, if the new owner meets the eligibility 
requirements of Exhibit B and elects to enter into a land use contract with the 
State of Vermont, provided that there is no interruption in the active and 
exclusive use of the land for farming.  If the transferred land and/or house site 
is sold or transferred prior to March 31, 2015 and the new transferee fails to 
meet the conditions described herein, the penalties described in Section 6 shall 
become due. 
</p>
<p> 
b. If the Owner becomes permanently disabled or is prevented by natural disaster 
</p>
<p>from farming and the disposition of the property results in a change in use, 
then the Owner or Owner’s representative may apply to the Selectboard for a 
waiver of penalties and to the Board of Abatement for the abatement of 
deferred taxes. 
</p>
<p> 
c. If Owner trades a portion of his/her land for another , as long as the new land 
</p>
<p>qualifies for this contract and the traded land continues to qualify for this 
Contract under the terms of Exhibit B.  In this case, and amendment shall be 
made to Exhibit A to show the loss or gain and state the new number of acres 
included in the Agreement. 
</p>
<p> 
d. If Owner builds a dwelling for himself/herself or for an employee of the 
</p>
<p>Owner’s farm operation, then the dwelling and the two (2) surrounding acres 
shall be excluded from receiving the benefits provided by this Agreement, but 
no penalties and/or deferred taxes shall be due. 
</p>
<p> 
e. When land is condemned as a result of eminent domain, or when a sale 
</p>
<p>agreement is made in anticipation of these condemnation proceedings, to 
achieve the same public purposes.    
</p>
<p> 
8.  OTHER STABILIZATION PROGRAMS:  At its sole option, the Selectboard of the  
Town of Hinesburg may renegotiate or terminate this Contract, but no penalty shall be 
assessed and deferred taxes shall be abated, upon the occurrence of either of the two 
following events: 
 
</p>
<p>a. The enactment of a mandatory use value appraisal system by the State of 
Vermont which requires Vermont municiplatites to tax real estate on the basis 
of its Use Value and not Fair Market Value. 
</p>
<p> </p>
<p/>
</div>
<div class="page"><p/>
<p>Tax Stabilization “Piggy Back” Contract 
Page 4 
</p>
<p> 
 
</p>
<p>b. The enactment of any other legislation amending the State of Vermont’s Land 
Use Program to reduce farmers’ property tax liability. 
</p>
<p> 
   
</p>
<p>9.  Any dispute as to the terms or conditions of this Agreement is to be resolved by the 
Hinesburg Board of Civil Authoriy. 
 
    
  
 
WITNESS TO HINESBURG   BY THE HINESBURG SELECTBOARD 
 SELECTBOARD 
 
________________________   _________________________________ 
      Tom Ayer 
 
      _________________________________ 
      Michael Bissonette 
 
      _________________________________ 
      Andrea Morgante 
 
      _________________________________ 
      Phil Pouech 
 
      _________________________________ 
      Jonathan S. Trefry 
</p>
<p> 
WITNESS TO OWNER(S)   BY THE OWNER(S) 
 
________________________   __________________________________ 
 
 
      ______________ ____________________ 
 
 
      _____________________________ 
 
 
      _____________________________ 
 
 
      _____________________________ 
 </p>
<p/>
</div>
<div class="page"><p/>
<p>      
 
</p>
<p> 
 
</p>
<p> 
 
</p>
<p>EXHIBIT A 
 
I. Description of Owner's Property subject to this Agreement.  For the purpose of 
identification, this agreement pertains to the lands enumerated in the State of Vermont, 
Division of Property Valuation and Review Use Value Program Contract Identification 
Number  118-4294 as "Total Program Acres;" said contract is included herein by 
reference. 
 
II. Total acres subject to this Agreement, as defined in 32 VSA 3752 : 34.4 acres.  Each 
parcel held by Owner and not made subject to this Agreement will be assessed at fair 
market value. 
 
 
 
</p>
<p>EXHIBIT B 
 
</p>
<p>To qualify for the Tax Stabilization Program of the Town of Hinesburg, the Owner(s) 
must prove that the agricultural lands have been classified and accepted for the State of 
Vermont Use Value Appraisal.  Eligible lands shall not include structures, nor shall they 
include the two (2) acres which surround structures used as dwellings.  Also excluded 
from eligibility are: gas or oil drilling sites and the surrounding five acres in area; land 
used for mining or removal of gravel for commercial purposes; and/or and land used in 
connection with commercial enterprises other than farming, such as parking lots and 
surrounding stores. 
 
</p>
<p> </p>
<p/>
</div>
<ul>	<li>Tax Stabilization “Piggy Back” Contract</li>
	<li>Tax Stabilization “Piggy Back” Contract</li>
	<li>Tax Stabilization “Piggy Back” Contract</li>
</ul>
</body></html>