## Use Case Document Types

---

ContraxSuite can help organizations extract information and build custom document analytics to solve a wide range of problems. It's virtually impossible to create an exhaustive list of all of ContraxSuite's use cases, but below we highlight some of the most common.

* **Contract Identification and Organization**: No one knows where *all* of their contracts are. LexNLP can help identify unstructured data from sources like shared drives, email accounts, and contract management systems, and then tag contracts for easy organization into folders.
* **Contract Harmonization**: There are many ways to write a clause, and there are even more ways to assemble several clauses into a contract. Contract clutter is a serious problem, and contract consistency is a must. LexNLP was built for contract harmonization projects. Match changes in historical paper or slice and dice contracts at the document, section, or clause level. LexNLP can quickly find outliers, anomalies, and other unique language or terms. When you're done, you can then use ContraxSuite to help drive and validate convergence in ongoing contracting.
* **Due Diligence and M&A**: Doing business around the world can be great. Missing law, regulations, and gepolitical risks, on the other hand, *isn't* great. LexNLP identifies risks in contract language. And when a little extra review is necessary, LexNLP can analyze communications and other documents, conducting *pre*-discovery, not just e-discovery.
* **Real Estate and Lease Abstraction**: LexNLP can help make sure you understand the restrictions and terms across your real estate and lease portfolios.
* **Finance and Capital Markets**: Identify key financial terms like currency amounts, percentages, rates, and ratios. Find borrowing spreads over LIBOR, leverage ratios in warehouses, and transaction fees. LexNLP can also process documents and agreements like offering and private placement memoranda (OCs, OMs, PPMs), ISDAs, CSAs, ED and PB agreements, and many more. 
* **Supply Chain and Vendor Management**: LexNLP can sort through new risks and regulatory trends that emerge. Cyber insurance for Canadian vendors? BAAs for all US facilities? Is there a mandatory notice and cooperation clause for FCPA violations? Implementing a GDPR or CCPA framework?
* **Complaint and Settlement Analysis**: Many organizations have massive amounts of unstructured data like demand letters, complaints, and settlement agreements. These documents are not usually searchable or structured, but they contain a trove of valuable data. Tools like LexNLP can uncover this treasure trove, and build strategic analytics to support practices like product liability, professional liability, and labor and employment.
* **Lease Accounting**: Using LexNLP, alongside machine learning tools combined with pre-trained financial and accounting models, you can quickly classify leases and lease terms like term, maintenance, transfer, and purchase rights.
